# Python examples#### Instructions to run the examples1. Install Python 3.x if you don't have it installed, or tweak the code to _import from `__future__`_ the missing functionalities of Python 2.x2. If you don't have the `requests` module example installed:    - Install it through `pip` or `easy_install` utilities, if available:        `$ pip install requests`        `$ easy_install requests`    - If not, clone [their repository](https://github.com/kennethreitz/requests) and then install it:        `$ python setup.py install`3. Clone the repository in your computer and open a terminal in the `python_examples/` directory.#### What will you find here?The examples here are still quite simple. You won't find Python classes that model PlasticSCM objects, like in the Java ones. The name of the files are descriptive enough to warn you about what to expect. These samples emulate the funcionality of the following `cm` commands:- `cm_lrep_example.py` -> lists repositories.- `cm_mkrep_example.py` -> creates a repository.- `cm_rnrep_example.py` -> renames a repository.- `cm_rmrep_example.py` ->removes a repository.- `cm_lwk_example.py` -> lists workspaces.- `cm_mkwk_example.py` -> creates a workspace.- `cm_rmwk_example.py` -> removes a repository.#### The wrapperInside the `wrapper` directory you can find a file named `plasticwrapper.py`. It handles the HTTP URLs and allows you to start interacting directly with the API though its methods. There is no exception handling inside the wrapper.